At Brown-Forman, we enrich the experience of life, in our own way, by responsibly building beverage alcohol brands that thrive and endure for generations. Brown-Forman is one of the largest American-owned spirits and wine companies and among the top 10 largest global spirits companies. By expertly combining five behaviors (Be Curious, Be Courageous, Be Collaborative, Be Creative, Be a Champion) with our vision and purpose, we seek to create an enduring and growing Brown-Forman UK.

This is a role for an IT support professional who will be responsible for responding to incidents escalated by the Global Brown-Forman service desk, or by directly by internal customers, that are related to customer, computer and telecommunications equipment and software. The person in this role will function as a single point of contact to coordinate IT to assist employees accomplish their assignments and obtaining needed technological support.

Responsibilities:

Manage all local IT assets for the whole UK operation, including management, payment and reconciliation of IT invoices
Support employees across all levels with deployment and troubleshooting of:
Mobile technology
PC equipment
PC based applications
Video Conferencing Systems
Wireless Devices
Train local teams on IT hardware and software applications/technologies used in the office
Deliver efficient customer support alongside global Service Desk, recording and reporting on all incidents and work activities
Experience:

The successful candidate will have extensive experience working in computer support with a proven track record in the use of Microsoft/Google/Apple technologies. Professional Certifications which could include, but are not limited to A+, Network+, MOUS, MCP), MCSE, CCNA, CCNP, CCIE are desirable.

What we offer:

Total Rewards at Brown-Forman is designed to engage our people to ensure our sustainable and profitable growth for generations to come. As a premium spirits company, we offer premium and equitable pay & bonus for individual and company performance. We offer a range of premium benefits that reflect our company values and meet the needs of our diverse workforce. In Brown-Forman UK, some highlights of the competitive benefits we offer include, but not limited to are medical/dental insurance, flexible-working options, product allowance and gym membership; along with global career opportunities.

Brown-Forman Corporation is committed to equality of opportunity in all aspects of employment. It is the policy of Brown-Forman Corporation to provide full and equal employment opportunities to all employees and potential employees without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, veteran status, age, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability or any other legally protected status.

Business Area: Global Information Technology

City: London

State:

Country: GBR


https://www.indeed.co.uk/IT-Specialist-jobs-in-London?vjk=c005c845625359ea